Add note that explains notice/group terminology (#57)
airbrake/slate: source/index.html.md

# Groups v4

> **Note:**

> > Groups are also known as "error groups" in the web app UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Groups are also known as "errors" in the web app.
```

# Notices v4

> **Note:**

> > Notices are also known as "error occurrences" in the web app UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Notices are also known as "occurrences" in the web app.
```
